README.md, before:

[![taylor swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/secured%20by-taylor%20swift-brightgreen.svg)](https://twitter.com/SwiftOnSecurity)
[![volkswagen status](https://auchenberg.github.io/volkswagen/volkswargen_ci.svg?v=1)](https://github.com/auchenberg/volkswagen)

# CSFD Magnets

Simple Chrome extension for ČSFD *(Czech-Slovak Movie Database)*.

**CSFD Magnets** adds a small widget within each **movie detail** to show information about **magnet links**... or something like that...

A picture is worth a thousand words.

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bartholomej/csfd-magnets/master/_assets/csfd-magnets-promo.png)

### Contribution
I welcome you to customize this according to your needs ;)

Pull requests for any improvements would be great!

## License

Copyright &copy; 2017 [Bartholomej](http://github.com/bartholomej)

Proudly powered by nature, tea, beer and curry ;)

**This is unofficial, experimental, made for fun and it has nothing to do with CSFD ❤️ itself** ️ ️

All contents are licensed under the [MIT license].

[MIT license]: LICENSE

Commit message:

docs(readme): add installation information

README.md, after:

[![taylor swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/secured%20by-taylor%20swift-brightgreen.svg)](https://twitter.com/SwiftOnSecurity)
[![volkswagen status](https://auchenberg.github.io/volkswagen/volkswargen_ci.svg?v=1)](https://github.com/auchenberg/volkswagen)

# CSFD Magnets

Simple Chrome extension for ČSFD *(Czech-Slovak Movie Database)*.

**CSFD Magnets** adds a small widget within each **movie detail** to show information about **magnet links**... or something like that...

A picture is worth a thousand words.

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bartholomej/csfd-magnets/master/_assets/csfd-magnets-promo.png)

## Installation
_- Shut up and give me those little... magnets! I need it!_

_- OK, it is easy..._

### Automatically (for humans)

**[Install CSFD Magnets](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/csfd-magnets/kkoccljoocknljaljhpifcnkmillmilo)** from official Chrome Web Store.

### Manually (for ~~robots~~ developers)
Load your extension on Chrome following:

1. Fork and clone this repository
2. Access `chrome://extensions/`
3. Check `Developer mode`
4. Click on `Load unpacked extension`
5. Select the `src` folder.

### Contribution
I welcome you to customize this according to your needs ;)

Pull requests for any improvements would be great!

## License

Copyright &copy; 2017 [Bartholomej](http://github.com/bartholomej)

Proudly powered by nature, tea, beer and curry ;)

**This is unofficial, experimental, made for fun and it has nothing to do with CSFD ❤️ itself** ️ ️

All contents are licensed under the [MIT license].

[MIT license]: LICENSE
